Flags write before arguments in toxiproxy-cli (#308)
Shopify/toxiproxy: CHANGELOG.md

# [Unreleased]

* Use CHANGELOG.md for release description (#306, @miry)

> * In #294 introduced a breaking change in client argument parsing. It requires
>   to write [flags before arguments](https://github.com/urfave/cli/blob/master/docs/migrate-v1-to-v2.md#flags-before-args).
>   Update help texts and documentation. (@miry)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dependency updates in #294 introduced a breaking change in CLI argument parsing. Now [flags must be specified before arguments](https://github.com/urfave/cli/blob/master/docs/migrate-v1-to-v2.md#flags-before-args). Previously, arguments could be specified prior to flags.
  Update usage help text and documentation. (@miry)
```
